we have a new student with us she just
moved here from Africa welcome I'm from
Michigan
great I'm 16 until today I was
home-schooled and then it was goodbye
Africa and hello high school hi I'm
Katie
I'm Genesis Damien watch off your meat
coming through this map shows the school
central nervous system but the cafeteria
you got your cool Asians burnouts jocks
the greatest people you will ever meet
and the worst so you've never been to a
real school before shut that shut up and
say anything plastics or the plastics 13
royalty that's Karen Smith she was one
of those dumbest girls you'll ever meet
I'm kind of psychic really like I have
ESPN or something
Gretchen weiners she has two Fendi
purses and is love Alexis and evil takes
a human form and Regina George she knows
everything about everyone that's why her
hair is so big it's secrets we want to
invite you to have lunch with us Regina
seems sweet get in loser we're going
shopping
your house is really nice I know right
being with the plastics was like
bleeding the actual world and entering
girl world
have you seen you guys let you think
you're cute again there's this guy in my
calculus class his name's Aaron Samuel
no no it's Regina's ex-boyfriend
ex-boyfriends are off-limits I mean
that's just like the rules of feminism
Richard told me that you like Aaron
Samuels I could talk to him for you if
you want really you would do that why
would she do that she's a life ruiner I
knew how this would be settled in the
animal world but this was girl world all
the fighting had to be sneaky
I want to lose three pounds they're
these nutrition bars my mom uses to lose
weight it's a five you could try serums
why are you eating a call teen bar Jamie
my crazy
I'm sorry I laughed at you I'm sorry I
called you fat I'm sorry that people are
so jealous of me
but I can't help it that I'm popular
you know he's looking fine tonight
Stefano sakowski he is your cousin what
he's a good kisser